sources/browser-javascript/00-base/README.md, before:

# Javascript in the Browser Examples

This is a set of source files that load Javascript.

1. `js-base` - inline js in the `<head>` only
2. `js-base-body` - inline js at the bottom of the `<body>` 
3. `js-base-file` - load external js (no loader libraries or module support)
4. `js-base-require` - load external js using AMD module format w/ RequireJS
5. `js-base-module` - load external js using ECMAscript modules

## Running 

[link to WIKI installation dev tools requirement]
```
cd good-code-examples
npm run js-base
```
The [Parcel] build tool will run and serve the HTML file in your default web browser. Type **ctrl-c** to quit the webserver.

## Appendix: Implementation Notes

There are some features I'm using that may be unfamiliar to casual developers;
I've included the approximate year when these features became broadly available for mainstream browser use.

* c2012 - For consistency across browsers, the base CSS is
  ["normalized"][normalized]
  by importing `normalize.css` via the main stylesheet `style.css`.

* c2014 - In Example 4, RequireJS is used load code modules defined with the [Asynchronous Model Definition][amd]. This is one of the [older runtime solutions][requirejs] for implementing modules in Javascript; prior to 2014, there was no standard for writing modular Javascript.

* c2018 - In Example 5, Javascript is loaded as an
  [ECMAscript-style
  module](https://jakearchibald.com/2017/es-modules-in-browsers) after
  `index.html` has completely loaded. Supported by modern web bundlers. Unlike Examples 1-4, this code example can't be run by opening the file directly in the browser due to `<script type="module">` security safeguards. Example 5 *must* be loaded from a web server.

[requirejs]:https://requirejs.org/docs/history.html
[amd]:https://github.com/amdjs/amdjs-api
[normalized]:http://nicolasgallagher.com/about-normalize-css#normalize-vs-reset

Commit message:

rename index files from ex00*.html to js00*.html, update npm scripts

sources/browser-javascript/00-base/README.md, after:

# Javascript in the Browser Examples

This is a set of source files that load Javascript.

1. `js-base` - inline js in the `<head>` only
2. `js-base-body` - inline js at the bottom of the `<body>`
3. `js-base-file` - load external js (no loader libraries or module support)
4. `js-base-require` - load external js using AMD module format w/ RequireJS
5. `js-base-module` - load external js using ECMAscript modules

## Running

[link to WIKI installation dev tools requirement]

```
cd good-code-examples
npm run js00-base
```

Available examples:

- `js00-base` - a plain HTML5 file with the script in the head
- `js00-base-body`- a plain HTML5 file with the script moved to the body

The [Parcel][parceljs] build tool will run and serve the HTML file in your default web browser. Type **ctrl-c** to quit the webserver.

## Appendix: Implementation Notes

There are some features I'm using that may be unfamiliar to casual developers;
I've included the approximate year when these features became broadly available for mainstream browser use.

- c2012 - For consistency across browsers, the base CSS is
  ["normalized"][normalized]
  by importing `normalize.css` via the main stylesheet `style.css`.

- c2014 - In Example 4, RequireJS is used load code modules defined with the [Asynchronous Model Definition][amd]. This is one of the [older runtime solutions][requirejs] for implementing modules in Javascript; prior to 2014, there was no standard for writing modular Javascript.

- c2018 - In Example 5, Javascript is loaded as an
  [ECMAscript-style
  module](https://jakearchibald.com/2017/es-modules-in-browsers) after
  `index.html` has completely loaded. Supported by modern web bundlers. Unlike Examples 1-4, this code example can't be run by opening the file directly in the browser due to `<script type="module">` security safeguards. Example 5 _must_ be loaded from a web server.

## Appendix: Parcel Build Notes

- Parcel is a tool that figures out how to "bundle" a web application's many files into fewer files. It also can do things like _optimize_ the code, _transpile_ newer variants of Javascript into universally-compatible versions, _package_ files for distribution, and then _serve_ the files in a development webserver so you can look at them in your local browser. Parcel is just one of several choices you have. Webpack is _much_ more popular, but it is also kind of a mess to deal with.
- If you want to see the actual produced files, they're copied to the `dist/` directory. Look for the `*.html` files and notice how they've been modified to load script and style files from the directory. The changes can be quite significant, but they are based on your original source code.
- Parcel generates _map files_ that are used for debugging purposes.
- Parcel has a lot of configuration options that you can use to customize the output for your _production_ (public deliverable) needs. For the purposes of this repo of examples, we're concerned just with _development_ (working on in private before deployment) needs.

[parceljs]: https://parceljs.org
[requirejs]: https://requirejs.org/docs/history.html
[amd]: https://github.com/amdjs/amdjs-api
[normalized]: http://nicolasgallagher.com/about-normalize-css#normalize-vs-reset
